it's Friday I'm throwing a party but
also a lot of things to do because after
my little incident on the Williamsburg
Bridge as seen in the previous video my
camera was broken so i don't know if you
can tell like this career came out on
the screen is completely disconnected
from the camera you can only view it
from the wonky viewfinder and when you
turn it on like the screen is just
doesn't work so i got to go fix that and
i haven't shown you all my i found look
what having my iphone the glass on the
camera just completely shattered but my
actual screen is ok but there's like an
awkward discoloration and it's kind of
hard to see but so gotta get this fixed
before the iphone 7 upgrade as well so
being that i vlog every single day I
don't post a vlog every single day but I
do record every day of my arts 100 I
feel so incomplete without it
so it works but I can only view when I'm
shooting through I need to place the LCD
assembly they say is coming to 25 to
repair okay but I fantastic news look
what i just got back it's a fully
functioning rx100 yes good life lesson
from this if you're hiring someone to
fix something for you it always pays off
to be nice don't be a meanie weenie like
the chick who ran me over on the bridge
yesterday I'm not bitter at all i
promise i'm over it okay heavy bag
number one heavy bag number to
transportation and protection this is
sarah from the future i realized i
didn't really give context to the event
of tonight it's a peachy party so my
friend Alison who I stayed with for a
month up here in the upper east side
when I kind of came to her with this
idea of getting a lot of like-minded
individuals in one place to have a
little just networking party if you will
she was all about it and I told her
about it and she's like let's have it in
my place so that's what tonight is and
it was fantastic
I mean honestly I just
for me is there
you
hurry without
jack is here and i met in our site you
were off you're fantastic i met this
dude on the streets of that wonderful
sarah you feel great worry i'm already
looking forward to the
ichi ichi party is over yes and allison
was so gracious enough to lend her
beautiful apartment so how'd it go this
party was a huge success largely
actually totally in tune to Sarah's
guestlist TouchWiz can movers and
shakers New York City's bloggers
internet or creators snap shatters or
invited a photography will do thank you
I read about your hapless but so this
was our first salon which is actually
what makes this video kind of
significant yes it's salon humble numero
moon French so this is Alice's lovely
cat this is rico and i miss my kiddies
back in Texas and this is just such a
gorgeous
the whole idea for a peachy party just
spun out of the idea of wow I have met
some amazing people since I got to New
York City but they're all in these kind
of different pockets what would happen
if I got everyone all of my friends all
of my collaborators or just internet
people in the same place for a night and
what would happen if they exchanged
cards and exchanged ideas and it
happened tonight and it was just so
great so now all of my friends are all
friends with each other and this just
it's fantastic I Love New York City I'm
telling ya I have some next-level people
around me and that is one of the keys to
life who are you surrounding yourself
with also boosted bored crash update I'm
growing a second elbow that's so cute
we're your heating
getting brunch and look it's Craig how
are you striving
well i think i know i think i know i
think it is it Portable Document file
okay ah we should such a lovely
breakfast he did it was small good I had
avocado
olive oil and salt and it's my new
favorite thing it's so some funny bird
thing is my god is covered that with me
I know and now it's Saturday by the way
so that's fun and it's just the weather
outside is amazing we're going to the
New York art art book fair fair
oh it's lit
art fairs in Long Island City
hi india with my friend olya what are we
doing today we're doing it photo shoot
photo shoot this coffee shop
amazing
the vibes yeah Mason house I prefer
white bread Yeah right now we're doing a
shot around pretending to talk to Mike
but I'm really talking I'm vlogging
right now and she's taking a picture
look at Julia right now she has like all
of my bags she's such a sport it's very
humid outside
hey
you're so pretty now what is his name
boot Winchester boo Winchester we just
took pictures with this lovely dog thank
you so much again great day of shooting
is absolutely disgusting outside super
muggy we've been having perfect weather
here innocence so loudly I'm just like
I've been vocalizing how lovely the
weather has been lately but not today
not today luckily I accidentally left my
air conditioning on all day today which
is that but when I came home it was so
cool and so nice this week it was so
much fun and I hung out a lot of people
so that kind of drained me but in a good
way I'm just like tomorrow I don't need
to see anyone just need to put my head
down do some work not carry anything
heavy because my neck is still hurting
from the boosted booster board crash you
haven't watched that blog yet you can
watch it now until next time new create
a space TV episode on Wednesday I'll see
you then guys you have a great great
week i will see you on Wednesday stay
peachy ok bye
my name is Mark Sam sonabitch I'm an
artist I live in work in jersey city